The Project Gutenberg EBook of Ulysses, by James Joyce
Author: James Joyce
Produced by Col Choat, and David Widger.
by James Joyce
Stately, plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of
Stephen Dedalus, displeased and sleepy, leaned
Buck Mulligan peeped an instant under the mirror and then covered the
Stephen Dedalus stepped up, followed him wearily
Buck Mulligan’s gay voice went on.
—My name is absurd too: Malachi Mulligan, two dactyls
Buck Mulligan showed a shaven cheek over his right shoulder.
Buck Mulligan frowned at the lather on his razorblade
Buck Mulligan wiped the razorblade neatly.
—Our mighty mother! Buck Mulligan said.
asked you, Buck Mulligan said
Buck Mulligan wiped again his razorblade.
Buck Mulligan attacked the hollow beneath his underlip.
—He can’t wear them, Buck Mulligan told his face in the mirror.
—That fellow I was with in the Ship last night, said Buck Mulligan,
—I pinched it out of the skivvy’s room, Buck Mulligan said
Buck Mulligan suddenly linked his arm in Stephen’s and walked with him
Young shouts of moneyed voices in Clive Kempthorpe’s rooms
gardener, aproned, masked with Matthew Arnold’s face, pushes his mower
—Then what is it? Buck Mulligan asked impatiently
—Yes, what is it? Buck Mulligan answered
Buck Mulligan frowned quickly and said:
—Yes? Buck Mulligan said
She calls the doctor sir Peter Teazle and picks
—Of what then? Buck Mulligan asked.
Buck Mulligan swung round on his heel.
—I’m coming, Buck Mulligan answered.
What does it care about offences? Chuck Loyola,
in the pantomime of Turko the Terrible and laughed with others when he
Buck Mulligan’s voice sang from within the tower
—Do, for Jesus’ sake, Buck Mulligan said
—The school kip? Buck Mulligan said
—Four shining sovereigns, Buck Mulligan cried with delight
     Coronation day!
In the gloomy domed livingroom of the tower Buck Mulligan’s gowned form
—We’ll be choked, Buck Mulligan said
—Dedalus has it, Buck Mulligan said
Janey Mack, I’m choked!
Buck Mulligan tossed the fry on to the dish beside
Buck Mulligan sat down in a sudden pet.
—O, damn you and your Paris fads! Buck Mulligan said
—The blessings of God on you! Buck Mulligan cried, jumping up from his
Buck Mulligan, hewing thick slices from the loaf, said in an old
Buck Mulligan went on hewing and wheedling:
—_So I do, Mrs Cahill,_ says she
_Begob, ma’am,_ says Mrs Cahill, _God
—Do you now? Buck Mulligan said in the same tone
Mother Grogan was, one imagines, a kinswoman of Mary Ann.
Buck Mulligan’s face smiled with delight.
_—For old Mary Ann
—It is indeed, ma’am, Buck Mulligan said, pouring milk into their cups.
—I am, ma’am, Buck Mulligan answered.
—Irish, Buck Mulligan said
—He’s English, Buck Mulligan said, and he thinks we ought to speak
—Grand is no name for it, said Buck Mulligan
Buck Mulligan sighed and, having filled his mouth with a crust thickly
Buck Mulligan brought up a florin, twisted it round in
She curtseyed and went out, followed by Buck Mulligan’s tender chant:
—Our swim first, Buck Mulligan said.
—All Ireland is washed by the gulfstream, Stephen said as he let honey
Buck Mulligan kicked Stephen’s foot under the table and said with
—Well, I mean it, Haines said, still speaking to Stephen
Buck Mulligan bent across to Stephen
—I blow him out about you, Buck Mulligan said, and then you come along
Buck Mulligan sighed tragically and laid his hand on Stephen’s arm.
Mercurial Malachi
—I’m ready, Buck Mulligan answered, going towards the door
At the foot of the ladder Buck Mulligan asked:
Behind him he heard Buck Mulligan club with his heavy
—Twelve quid, Buck Mulligan said.
—Billy Pitt had them built, Buck Mulligan said, when the French were on
—What is your idea of Hamlet? Haines asked Stephen.
—No, no, Buck Mulligan shouted in pain
I’m not equal to Thomas Aquinas
—Pooh! Buck Mulligan said
—What? Haines said, beginning to point at Stephen
Buck Mulligan slung his towel stolewise round his neck and, bending in
—O, shade of Kinch the elder! Japhet in search of a father!
—We’re always tired in the morning, Stephen said to Haines
Buck Mulligan, walking forward again, raised his hands.
—I mean to say, Haines explained to Stephen as they followed, this
Buck Mulligan turned suddenly for an instant towards Stephen but did
Buck Mulligan at once put on a blithe broadly smiling face
And tell Tom, Dick and Harry I rose from the dead.
it somehow, doesn’t it? What did he call it? Joseph the Joiner?
—The ballad of joking Jesus, Stephen answered.
Words Mulligan had spoken
